<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets">
    <h:head>
        <title></title>
    </h:head>
    <h:body>
        <ui:composition template="/template/template.xhtml">
            <ui:param name="filename" value="about" />
            <ui:define name="content">
                <!-- CONTENT -->
                <div class="text-page-container-header bg-darkgreen">
                    <center><h1> About </h1></center>
                </div>

                <div class="text-page-container">
                    <div class="row">
                        <div class="large-6 columns">
                            <h2> Project </h2>
                            <div class="flex-video widescreen">
                                <iframe width="550" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/cZZBXcj24v4" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen="true"></iframe>
                            </div>
                            <h3> VictoGreen </h3>
                            <p><b> Victoria to Green </b></p>
                            <p>
                                VictoGreen is a website that utilizes different categories of environmental data by analyzing, visualizing and reporting it to you. It's all in colors and stars, and we aim to keep as simple as that.
                            </p>
                            <p>
                                The VictoGreen website introduces the concept of a Green Rating, which is a score
                                that follows a criteria of categories (pollutants, energy, water usage, gas
                                emissions and outdoor space) to tell how environmentally friendly –or green- a 
                                suburb is. </p>
                            <h3>Audience</h3>
                            <p><b> You are! </b></p>
                            <p>
                                The project’s target audience is the environmental organizations, local
                                Government and anyone from the public domain with interest in the field.
                                Furthermore, the website can be extended to allow other firms like the
                                Real-estate agencies to embed the service in their websites.
                            </p>
                            <h3>Data </h3>
                            <p>
                                All the data is from the Open Data Victoria and Open Data Melbourne, which are provided by 
                                government. </p>
                            <h3> Team </h3>
                            <ul>
                                <li>
                                    <b>Sumaya Baitalmal</b>  Master of Information Technology <br></br>sumaya@baitalmal.com
                                </li>
                                <li>
                                    <b>Junfeng Guan</b>      Master of Information Technology <br></br>isaacloft0906@gmail.com
                                </li>
                                <li>
                                    <b>Tianfeng Shan</b>     Master of Business Information Systems <br></br>shantianfeng@icloud.com
                                </li>
                                <li>
                                    <b>Guantong Wo</b>      Master of Information Technology <br></br>woguant7127@gmail.com
                                </li>
                            </ul>
                            <h3> Disclaimer </h3>
                            <p>
                                VictoGreen does not hold responsibility for decisions made by users, and it is only an aid to 
                                users to gain knowledge and look for tips. The users or any party using the service -if in doubt 
                                about their area’s condition and/or find that the green report’s findings in their vicinity 
                                alarming- must consult a professional service to conduct a study and provide formal reports 
                                and advice.

                            </p>

                            <h3>Use of Website
                            </h3>
                            <p>
                                Users may not use the Website in a manner that will infringe the copyright, 
                                trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property rights of A1 Foundation
                                and of others or violate the privacy, publicity or personal rights of A1 
                                Foundation and of others. Users also may not use the Website for any illegal 
                                purpose or in any other manner inconsistent with the Terms of Use. By 
                                assessing and/or using the Website, Users agree that Australia law shall 
                                govern such access or use.
                            </p>
                            <h3>Relying on Information</h3>
                            <p>
                                We provide this Website as a general information source only and we are not 

                                involved in giving professional advice here. The Website may not cover all 

                                information available on a particular issue. Before relying on the Website, you 

                                should do your own checks or obtain professional advice relevant to your 

                                particular circumstances
                            </p>

                            <h3>General Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability</h3>
                            <p>


                                We will not be liable for any loss or damage (i) that you may incur on account 

                                of using, visiting or relying on any statement, opinion, representation or 

                                information in the Website, (ii) resulting from any delay in operation or 

                                transmission, communications failure, Internet access difficulties or 

                                malfunctions in equipment or software, or (iii) the conduct or the views of any 

                                person who accesses or uses the Website.

                            </p>
                        </div>
                        <div class="large-6 columns">

                            <h2>References </h2>
                            <ui:include src="references.xhtml"/>
                        </div>
                    </div>


                </div>

                <!-- END CONTENT -->
            </ui:define>
        </ui:composition>
    </h:body>
</html>

