<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets">
    <h:head>
        <title></title>
    </h:head>
    <h:body>
        <ui:composition template="/template/template.xhtml">
            <ui:param name="filename" value="references" />
            <ui:define name="content">
                <!-- CONTENT -->
                <ui:composition>
                        <p>
                            Government:
                        </p>
                        <p>
                            <a href="http://www.dse.vic.gov.au/">http://www.dse.vic.gov.au/</a>
                        </p>
                        <p>
                            The Department of Environment, Land, Water and Planning creates livable, inclusive and sustainable communities that support jobs and growth in Victoria.
                            <br/>
                            <br/>
                        </p>
                        <p>
                            NGO:
                        </p>
                        <p>
                            <a href="http://environmentvictoria.org.au/">http://environmentvictoria.org.au/</a>
                        </p>
                        <p>
                            one of Australia's leading environment groups, independent and not for profit.
                        </p>
                        <p>
                            <a href="http://greens.org.au">http://greens.org.au</a>
                        </p>
                        <p>
                            The Greens are much more than an environmental party. While promoting meaningful and smart solutions to ensure future generations of Australians have clean
                            air, clean water and clean soil – the Greens are also working in many other areas to champion integrity, decency and fairness.
                        </p>
                        <p>
                            <a href="http://www.greeningaustralia.org.au">http://www.greeningaustralia.org.au</a>
                        </p>
                        <p>
                            “greeningaustralia” works on projects that transform landscapes in globally significant areas of the country.
                        </p>
                        <p>
                            <a href="http://www.globalstewards.org">http://www.globalstewards.org</a>
                        </p>
                        <p>
                            (Global Stewards provides hundreds of green eco tips for creating a healthy planet.)
                        </p>
                        <p>
                            <a href="http://www.earthshare.org">http://www.earthshare.org</a>
                        </p>
                        <p>
                            (EarthShare is a national non-profit organization with more than 25 years of experience in connecting people and workplaces with effective ways to support
                            critical environmental causes)
                        </p>
                        <p>
                            <a href="https://gogreeninitiative.org/">https://gogreeninitiative.org/</a>
                        </p>
                        <p>
                            The mission of the Go Green Initiative is to provide schools with the tools and training they need to create a “culture of conservation” within their
                            community. Our goals are to conserve and protect natural resources for future generations, and to protect human health through environmental stewardship.
                        </p>
                        <p>
                            <a href="http://www.worldwatch.org">http://www.worldwatch.org</a>
                        </p>
                        <p>
                            Through research and outreach that inspire action, the Worldwatch Institute works to accelerate the transition to a sustainable world that meets human
                            needs.
                        </p>
                        <br/>
                        <p>
                            Media:
                        </p>
                        <p>
                            <a href="http://www.treehugger.com/">http://www.treehugger.com/</a>
                        </p>
                        <p>
                            TreeHugger is the leading media outlet dedicated to driving sustainability mainstream. Partial to a modern aesthetic, we strive to be a one-stop shop for
                            green news, solutions, and product information.
                        </p>
                        <p>
                            <a href="http://greenmagazine.com.au/">http://greenmagazine.com.au/</a>
                        </p>
                        <p>
                            Green is Australia’s leading publication for inspirational stories on sustainable design featuring local and international houses, gardens and profiles.
                        </p>
                </ui:composition>
                <!-- END CONTENT -->
            </ui:define>
        </ui:composition>
    </h:body>
</html>

